feat: add IPLD terms to the IPFS glossary (#883)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/glossary.md

### Block

> A Block is a binary blob of data, identified by a [CID](#cid). I could be raw bytes or arbitrary data, or a chunk of serialized binary data encoded with [IPLD](#ipld) [codec](#codec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Block is a binary blob of data identified by a [CID](#cid). It could be raw bytes of arbitrary data or a chunk of serialized binary data encoded with [IPLD](#ipld) [codec](#codec).
```

> ### Bootstrap Node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bootstrap node
```

Version 1 (v1) of the IPFS content identifier. This CID version contains some leading identifiers which provide for forward-compatibility. Able to support different formats for future versions of CID. [More about CID v1](../concepts/content-addressing.md#version-1-v1)

### Codec

> A function which encodes or decodes serial data into and from some data model. In IPFS, we use an agreed-upon codec table implemented as part of [Multicodec](#multicodec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that encodes or decodes serial data into and from some data model. In IPFS, we use an agreed-upon codec table implemented as part of [Multicodec](#multicodec).
```

> ### Content Addressing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Content addressing
```

> A way to store information so it can be retrieved based on its content, not its location.
> [Learn how IPFS uses content addressing](/concepts/how-ipfs-works/#content-addressing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A way to store information so a device can retrieve the data based on its content, not its location. [Learn how IPFS uses content addressing](/concepts/how-ipfs-works/#content-addressing).
```

### DAG

A Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is a computer science data structure adapted for use with versioned file systems, blockchains, and for modeling many different kinds of information. [IPLD](#ipld) data in IPFS is naturally a DAG. [More about DAG on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph).

> ### Data Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data model
```

Did you mean [IPLD Data Model](https://ipld.io/glossary/#data-model)?

### DataStore

The Datastore is the on-disk storage system used by an IPFS node. Configuration parameters control the location, size, construction, and operation of the datastore. [More about Datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/config.md#datastore)

### DHT

A _Distributed Hash Table_ (DHT) is a distributed key-value store where keys are cryptographic hashes. In IPFS, each peer is responsible for a subset of the IPFS DHT. [More about DHT](dht.md)

### DMT

> Short for _Data Model Tree_, a term we coined in IPLD. [More about DMT in IPLD docs](https://ipld.io/glossary/#dmt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short for _Data Model Tree_, a term coined by the IPLD team. [More about DMT in IPLD docs](https://ipld.io/glossary/#dmt)
```

### Dialing

Dialing is a function of the IPFS networking layer in [libp2p](#libp2p), wherein a connection is opened to another peer. Together, an implementation of dialing and [listening](#listening) forms a [transport](#transport).

### DNSLink

> DNSLink is a protocol to link content and services directly from DNS. A DNSLink address looks like an IPNS address, but it uses a domain name in place of a hashed public key, like `/ipns/en.wikipedia-on-ipfs.org`. [More about DNSLink](https://dnslink.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSLink is a protocol to link content and services directly from DNS. A DNSLink address looks like an IPNS address, but it uses a domain name instead of a hashed public key, like `/ipns/en.wikipedia-on-ipfs.org`. [More about DNSLink](https://dnslink.dev/)
```

Listening is a function of the IPFS networking layer in libp2p, wherein an incoming connection is accepted from another peer. Together, an implementation of [dialing](#dialing) and listening forms a [transport](#transport).

### Link

> In IPFS and [IPLD](#ipld) context, usually means a pointer to some [CID](#cid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In IPFS and [IPLD](#ipld), a _link_ usually means a pointer to some [CID](#cid).
```

### Multicodec

> Multicodec is an identifier indicating the format of the target content. It helps people and software know how to interpret that content after the content is fetched. In IPFS, it is backed by an agreed-upon [codec](#codec) table. It is designed for use in binary representations, such as keys or identifiers (i.e [CIDv1](#cid)). [More about Multicodec](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec#readme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multicodec is an identifier indicating the format of the target content. It helps people and software know how to interpret that content after it has been fetched. In IPFS, it is backed by an agreed-upon [codec](#codec) table. Multicodecs are designed for use in binary representations, such as keys or identifiers (i.e. [CIDv1](#cid)). [More about Multicodec](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec#readme)
```

### Node

> In IPFS context, a Node or [peer](#peer) is the IPFS program that you run on your local computer to store/cache files and then connect to the IPFS network (by running the [daemon](#daemon)). [More about IPFS Node](../how-to/command-line-quick-start.md#take-your-node-online).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In IPFS, a node or [peer](#peer) is the IPFS program that you run on your local computer to store files and then connect to the IPFS network. [More about IPFS Node](../how-to/command-line-quick-start.md#take-your-node-online).
```

### Node (in graphs)

> In IPLD [graph](#graph) context, a node is a point that may be linked to by other nodes using edges or links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an IPLD [graph](#graph) context, a node is a point that may be linked to by other nodes using edges or links.
```

## S

### Schemas

In IPFS, IPLD Schemas are a system for describing data with structural types. [More about IPLD Schemas](https://ipld.io/glossary/#schemas)

### Selectors

> IPLD Selectors are a form of graph query (or, a way to specify a traversal, if you prefer that mental model) over IPLD data. [More about IPLD Selectors](https://ipld.io/glossary/#selectors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPLD selectors are a form of graph query over IPLD data. They can also be thought of as a way to specify a traversal. [More about IPLD Selectors](https://ipld.io/glossary/#selectors)
```
